As expected of Master Qin
Long life.
One coral gives away a store.
What happened to my grandpa?
Thank you Qiye, thank Qiye
villain wins
Next
Here I am, I heard that the Fang family is the leader of the voyage
It's always been sea life
I don't know what kind of gift it will bring.
Sorry to be ugly
Superb red coral
Tonight this superb red coral
It was plucked from the sea in the early years
It is said that at that time
Fighting a flood dragon for a whole day and night
Just grabbed it
invaluable
Not bad. They say the bigger the coral, the better.
This piece in front of me is more than a meter in diameter
It's so precious.
I didn't expect the Fang family to have such a baby
To please Master Qin
This is Cher.
It's hard to be square
What do you say is good?
But do you know what this thing is used for?
It is said that the heavy rain was dedicated to the Dragon King of the East China Sea.
What was he buried with?
Hey
This coral is both large and structural
It's all brilliant.
But this surface rust shows that
This thing was picked up from the bottom of the sea
Then it sank again
What does that mean?
This means it's a sacrifice
Fang Yuan is at Master Qin's birthday banquet
He actually offered a sacrifice
He Juxin